fix: updates nvidia platform services installation (#3942)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.1/gpu/kommander-config/index.md

## Enable Nvidia Platform Service on Kommander

To enable Nvidia GPU support when installing Kommander, perform the following steps:

> <p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>Kommander v2.1 installs with a dedicated CLI.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>Kommander installs with a dedicated CLI.</p>
```

1. Create an installation configuration file:

    ```bash
    kommander install --init > install.yaml
    ```

> 1. Append to the apps section in install.yaml with the following to enable Nvidia platform services.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Append the following to the apps section in the install.yaml file to enable Nvidia platform services.
```

    ```yaml
    apps:
      nvidia: null
    ```

> 1. Install Kommander, using the configuration file you created in the previous step, with this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install Kommander, using the configuration file you created:
```

## Enable Nvidia Platform Service on Kommander

To enable Nvidia GPU support when installing Kommander, perform the following steps:

> 1. Kommander v2.1 installs with a dedicated CLI.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<p class="message--note"><strong>NOTE: </strong>Kommander v2.1 installs with a dedicated CLI.</p>
```

1. Create an installation configuration file:

    ```bash
    kommander install --init > install.yaml
    ```

1. Append to the apps section in install.yaml with the following to enable Nvidia platform services.

> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

    ```yaml
    apps:
      nvidia: null
    ```

> 1. To install Kommander using the above configuration file, enter the following command:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Install Kommander, using the configuration file you created in the previous step, with this command:
```
